IDE- integrated development environment. 

 

Strategic planning and decisions 

When setting an organisational strategy for the design and development of digital systems, It is important to include a strong sense of ethics, as well as considering the well-being of the current stakeholders and society at large. This is an integral part of the strategic planning process and is often referred to as stakeholder theory. Organisations usually appoint a board of directors who oversee the strategy to ensure that it remains aligned with the organisations ethics and values. 

 

Theory behind social norms strategy 

When strategically planning and making decisions for digitally transforming an organisation, it is important that it is a long-term plan which focuses on- the implement of new technology, integrated digital media channel and smart ways of working in a digital environment using the available technology. 

 

 Strategic plan documents in the mission 

A strategic plan documents the mission, vision and values of an organisation, as well as its long-term goals and how they are to be achieved. A carefully thought-out strategic plan can plan a key role in supporting the growth of the business and its success. This is because it informs the organisation and its employees how best to respond to opportunities and challenges.  

 

Change in strategy has an impact on organisational structure 

Managing change due to a change in strategy has an impact on organisational structure. This change can be managed in different ways. It is important that any change is manged in a way that supports organisational and personal values. 

 

Internal policy used in NCG 

The student behaviour policy includes NCGs values and how they expect their standard of behaviour within college and the consequences of what may happen if someone were to not be following college policy and procedures. All of the students must sign this at the beginning of their course to show that they have agreed to follow the procedures.  

 

Whistleblowing 

Many organisations have whistleblower policies. A whistleblower is a type of worker who reports certain types of wrongdoing. The wrongdoing must be in the public interest. This means that it must have an impact on other people. A whistleblower is protected by law and must not be treated unfairly or lose their job due to reporting a wrongdoing.  
